Update assign-user-or-group-access-portal.md (#53240)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/manage-apps/assign-user-or-group-access-portal.md

- Application Proxy applications that use Azure Active Directory Pre-Authentication
- Applications built on the Azure AD application platform that use OAuth 2.0 / OpenID Connect Authentication after a user or admin has consented to that application.

> When user assignment is required, only those users you explicitly assign to the application (direct as user or based on a group membership) will be able to sign in. They can access the app on their My Apps page or by using a direct link. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When user assignment is required, only those users you explicitly assign to the application (either through direct user assignment or based on group membership) will be able to sign in. They can access the app on their My Apps page or by using a direct link. 
```
